Types Of variables:
    There are three types of variables in java
    with respect to scope/visibility/accessibility
    1) local 2) instance 3) static.
Local Variable:
    Local variables are the variables which are defined inside
    the block of code like if-else statement,loop,switch-statement
    methods. They can only be accessed with-in that block of code.
UpSide:
    They occupy the memory for least amount of time inside your computer.
    You should always try to go with local variables.
DownSide:
    They can only be accessed with-in the same block where they are created.

Instance Variables:
    The variables which are defined inside a class but outside a block of code
    like method,if-else statement,loop,switch etc., are called as instance variables.
    They can be accessed anywhere in the class except static methods.
Upside:
    They can be accessed anywhere inside a class other than static methods.
DownSide:
    They occupy the memory for longer as compared to a local variable.

static Variables:
    Static variables are created using static keyword they are also created outside of
    blocks of code like methods,loops etc.
UpSide:
    we can save a lot of space because for static only one memory location is used
    for all the object.

Downside:
    It occupies the memory for longest.

Tasks:
    Create a static method with int return type call it dValue which takes a number as input
    multiples it by 2 and returns the value.

Access Modifiers:
      Access modifiers in java help us the control who can access what. There are 4 access
      levels and we use three keywords to control these levels. private, default, protected and public.
Private:
    Is the most restricted one when used with a variable or method those can't be accessed outside of that class.

Important note:
    1) 99% of the methods are public.
    2) 99% of the instance fields are created as private.
    3) 99% of static fields are public.
    4) 99% of the time class are also public

